Fix a bunch of typos in algorithm docs (#39161)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/algorithms/CopyInstrumentParameters-v1.rst

.. testcode:: ExCopyInstrumentParametersSimple

>    # We load two workspaces with same instrument
>    # the first of which has had come detectors moved by calibration.
>    # The run CopyInstrumentParameters and show that the same detectors have been moved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   # We load two workspaces with the same instrument
   # the first of which has had some detectors moved by calibration.
   # Then run CopyInstrumentParameters and show that the same detectors have been moved.
```
